update all the things (#147)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: new-test-case.mdx

---
title: Create a new test case
description: "An overview of the various test case creation methods"
icon: "arrow-progress"
---

> ## prompting for test case generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prompting for test case generation
```

> We are deploying an `AI agent` to find the interactions leading towards a desired user goal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are deploying an `AI agent` to find the interactions leading towards a desired user flow.
```

> While our `AI agent` findes the steps of your test cases, it informs you about the progress it's making by showing the steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While our `AI agent` finds the steps of your test cases, it informs you about the progress it's making by showing the steps.
```

> While our `AI agent` findes the steps of your test cases, it informs you about the progress it's making by showing the steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While our `AI agent` finds the steps of your test cases, it constantly informs you about its progress.
```

<Frame caption="AI agent informs about its progress, screenshot 02/2024">
  <img
    src="images/AI-Agent-generating-steps.png"
    alt="AI agent informs about its progress"
  />
</Frame>

### Editing your AI discovery

> If the Agent went wrong, you can modify the prompt and decide which steps to keep. All subsequent steps are replaced with the new agent run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Agent generated wrong steps, you can modify the prompt and decide which steps to keep. All subsequent steps are replaced with the new agent output.
```

> <Frame caption="Relaunch AI discovery based on your comments, screenshot 02/2024">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Frame caption="Relaunch AI discovery, screenshot 02/2024">
```

  <img
    src="images/AI-Agent-recreate-steps.png"
    alt="Relaunch AI discovery based on comments"
  />
</Frame>

### Chaining your tests

> When using the AI agent, you can use a dependency to chain test cases together. A user flow is virtually a chain of test cases. Shorter flows are faster, more specific and more reliable.

Reviewer 2: Not just when using the agent, in any case

This is how you do it:

> - Give us a path where the AI agent should start its test case generation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Give us a path where the AI agent should start its test case generation process, e.g. `/overview/`
```

- Select a test case that should run before the AI agent is about to run.

<Frame caption="Test case chaining, screenshot 02/2024">
  <img
    src="images/Test-case-define-dependency.png"
    alt="Test case chaining"
    width="300px"
  />
</Frame>

<div class="mt-8" />

> ### Free prompting best practices - work in progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Free prompting best practices
```

1. Keep prompts short and to the point.
2. Mention all steps required, e.g. if you have to click away a cookie banner, mention it.

- Example without a cookie banner: “sign in with username and password using \{credentials\}”
- Example with a cookie banner: “accept cookies then sign in with username and password using \{credentials\}”

3. These are the limitations so far:

- We can only handle flows which happen inside the app. Cross-app or cross-device flows are not supported, e.g. we do not cover email confirmation flow or a 2FA right now.
- We cannot handle captchas yet.
- Our AI agent might get blocked by robot detection on some high traffic sites. Sites / apps in production are more bot-protected than staging / test systems.

> ## record a test case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Record a test case
```

> ## record a test case

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Record a test case
```

> For more manual control and for cases that the AI model struggles with we are offering the option to put in code directly. Idealy produce your code with Playwright Codegen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more manual control and for cases that the AI model struggles with we are offering the option to enter code directly. You can produce this code with Playwright Codegen.
```

> For more manual control and for cases that the AI model struggles with we are offering the option to put in code directly. Idealy produce your code with Playwright Codegen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more manual control and for cases that the AI model struggles with, we are offering the option to put in code directly. Ideally, produce your code with Playwright Codegen.
```

> You can find the commands required to use Playwright Codegen directly in Octomind, ready for copy and paste.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the commands required to use Playwright Codegen directly in Octomind, ready to be copy and pasted.
```

> Once you finished your recording, just copy and paste the whole code into the code field. It needs to be syntactically correct.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you finished your recording, just copy and paste the whole code into the code field.
```

<Frame caption="Test case recording, screenshot 02/2024">
  <img
    src="images/Test-case-recording.png"
    alt="Test case recording"
    width="300px"
  />
</Frame>

### Hint

- make sure to only record actions you actually want in your test case.

> - we are not supporting all interactions. Clicks, key enteres and visibility assertions, however, are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We don't support all interactions, yet. Clicks, entering text and visibility assertions, however, are supported.
```

> - we are not supporting all interactions. Clicks, key enteres and visibility assertions, however, are supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- we are not supporting all interactions. Clicks, entering text and visibility assertions are supported.
```

> ## manual test case creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Manual test case creation
```

> ## manual test case creation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Manual test case creation
```

> We also added a section to manually create test cases. You can add any number of interaction or assertions via the + icons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also manually create test cases. You can add any number of interaction or assertions via the + icons.
```

> We also added a section to manually create test cases. You can add any number of interaction or assertions via the + icons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also added the option to manually create test cases. You can add any number of interaction or assertions via the `+` icons.
```
